>> Brian Holt: We're gonna go
through some other tools right now.
The first one that we're going to
install here is going to help us
keep high code quality.
One of them is going to be,
>> Brian Holt: Prettier, okay?
So the first thing I'm gonna say down
here is I'm gonna say MPM install -D,
which is gonna mean it's
a developer dependencies, right?
So when I'm deploying
my code to production
I don't need to have Prettier go with it.
This is just for
me on my local environment, and
I'm gonna put prettier like that.
Now you can say npm install like this,
again, I'm a lazy person, so
I like to type less, so
I'm gonna put npm i -D, like that.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
now if you look back at my package.json
you'll see here that I
have devDependencies and
it has now pegged prettier 1.17
>> Brian Holt: Yours might
be different if you're
doing this in the future,
but it's a relatively stable project so
you can go ahead and do that.
So now I have Prettier installed, and
Prettier is going to do things where I can
format my project consistently, right?
I'm sure many of you have worked on
projects where some files have tabs,
some of them have spaces,
some of them have trailing comments,
some of them don't, so on and so forth.
So Prettier is a project that kind of just
takes all the conversation out of that and
just standardizes on a format.
Now, I recognize, for some people,
they don't wanna let go of their format,
because it's the best one, and
they thought of it first, and
we should all use their format because
they're much smarter than us, right?
We all know that person,
and none of us like them.
So what Prettier does is it takes away
the whole conversation, it's like,
no, everyone's gonna use the exact same
formatting, and we're all stuck with it.
And it's all slightly different
than we would have chosen it, but
we're all on the same format.
>> Brian Holt: It's actually
one of my favorite tools,
because I actually really don't care what
my code looks like as long as it's well
formatted, right?
As long as it has a format
that's consistent, I don't care.
And the great thing about Prettier
is it just does it for you.
So you've probably noticed that I've just
been messing around with all this code and
doing stuff like this,
where it's like super gross, and
everything's on the wrong line,
and stuff like that, right?
Reading this kind of code makes
you a little sick, doesn't it?
But with Prettier, if I just do this,
it just fixes everything for me, and
I'd never have to think about this, right?
I've now introduced it at every
company that I've worked at, and
I will continue doing it to every
company that I will work at.